past course exam and rehearsal
argumentative good
we recently uploaded a video
from a trial a person who sent us
for the first time
we will review it
this is the second essay he sent us
the same person
the next day we're actually going to see
how it was improving in some aspects
to see the review of the first essay that
he sent us later on
repopulations of the 21st century now you
we ask for another trial
the zoom
on the stagnation of football
Mexican is a subject does not seem so
so serious but but good can we
ask to develop a trial of
any subject then be cautious
and have and be able to develop
any issue you have actually asked
at other times about soccer
Mexican in the tests of the ceneval
also by are we ask that if you are
essay let's first read it so that
after people videos
we approach them from different
good prospects
the stagnation of Mexican soccer
as far as we can we will read it in
loudly and for us to go alone
appearing the errors or things
also written the raw treatment
Mexican is a problem that affects the
sport of more popularity and diffusion in
our nation the main causes of
this phenomenon is the poor preparation
of the players and their teams the
excessive intervention of the chains
televisions that transmit the deliveries
of football and the handling of the general
The Mexican Soccer Federation Mexico
unlike other countries
considered powers in this
discipline lacks moral culture and
lack of technical preparation on the part of
players owners of management teams
federative
creative and television
On the one hand, most players
arise from equipment quarries
minors who belong to the most clubs
important and with more roots in mexico
what makes it difficult for talented young people
that do not belong to these organizations
enter and have opportunities for a
justly on the other hand the different
directives that govern Mexican soccer
lend themselves to compromises with
sponsors what originates a
excessive marketing that prevents
the healthy competition
that prevents the competition zone from becoming
football in a business this leads to the
prostitution of each team
that integrate Mexican football and so
both the poor performance of
different leagues that make up the tournaments
leading to mediocrity that
characterizes his national team
now on the next page in case
outside the chains that transmit
football matches are the owners of
teams with the most weight in popularity and
fanaticism on the part of his followers
being a burden for healthy dissemination
of the various meetings in addition
they exert a negative influence on the
organization of the various
competitions competitions both
national as well as abroad which
it causes to see it almost always at
same teams in the race for the
titles that offer the fields but
born in the different
confederations the stalemate was a
Mexican does not seem to have a solution
at least in the short term
because in equipment owners
managerial players
media assume
responsibilities the first ones
they are more interested in entering resources
economic to their coffers and do not worry
for being on par with the best clubs
of the world the seconds do not take seriously
the place they have in this sport at
not prepare for more technical awareness
and professionalism and the latest equipment
and media do not want
lose power and influence in the
football
by not allowing to freely develop
competition with principles based on
regulation and not in trade
before concluding it's worth mentioning
that the stagnation of Mexican soccer
it is not only the responsibility of the different actors
already mentioned but all
Mexicans interested in this popular
sport because when receiving because at
receive lower sports quality so
that we pay and the deep disappointments
that we manifest when witnessing season
after season
and cups and compass the world in which
highlight the means that participation of
the league teams and selections
nationals these
makes us accomplices by omission
by not demanding a higher quality in
results and beauty in its execution of
the matches are now the last
pastern
All these reasons make us what
is cut if we want to find a
solution first we have to start
eliminating the vices more within reach
because it is important that the owners
of federative clubs players and media
of communication improve their participation
to see football as a sport that
you need to professionalize and
become more competitive and professional
enrich it with first-rate techniques
world is even more significant the
demand of football fans in
the sporting quality of the encounters and
different competitions in which
Mexican teams compete in that
felt so much the public that attends
the viewing or rush stadiums
bars and people in general watching the
soccer or consume their products
we should like to see the creation of
serious schools where classes are taught
of soccer to make qualifications for
social networks
performance and technique the bolistas
expressing the healthy criticism to them already
the franchises to which they belong
also for being selective with the
television stations and their sponsors for
promote from them a better
quality in its transmissions and greater
sports commitment of companies that
they sponsor them in such a way
expectations of positive change
they may be more real and they will not be
hopes
we have finished reading apologize that no
we know a little bit in reading it but it's
important I always match that is very
good to read aloud because if they go they go
voting
several little things for example from the
misspellings for example if
lack some accent usually when
we read it out loud it 's easier than
we detect it when an accent is missing
when there is a center left then always
I recommend that we take some time to
read it aloud even if it looks like a
bit tedious
it's worth it because it's the best way
be able to review our trial
continuation in the following videos
we will see this same test I
reviewed
from different perspectives starting
by the facade or appearance
very well
there we go before you finish remember
that the title that the topic we did
of stagnation with the Mexican is
because other tests and it is better not
is that they have lost the same title
but if they have asked for similar themes or
football related topics
Mexican or football in general
so neither is it a topic that
we have imposed
arbitrarily but because if they reach
lose a lot of a diversity of topics
so that's why we choose
thank you very much today is passing the
next video